hey what's up guys welcome back to
another web design trends video in this
video we're going to be taking a look at
a different trend that actually does not
involve any CSS or anything like that it
truly and is solely relying on the
colors you use the layout you choose and
even some of the icons and styles of
buttons that you use and that is flat
design now it's been going around a lot
it's been getting really really big
especially with app with operating
systems such as Android and even now iOS
7 and even Windows Metro UI has it a
little bit it's becoming pretty big I
think it looks pretty good if done right
so today we're going to talk about it
I'm going to give you guys some examples
of great flat design and we're going to
go over what exactly makes a good flat
design so the biggest thing is probably
the color or the layout I would say
probably the layout a lot of times
you'll see a navigation bar or a header
bar that's this section right up here
that goes all the way through it's the
same color throughout you can't really
tell where it ends except for the fact
that the content in it is only in a
given point other than that it looks the
same throughout next you may have a
different color such as this and if you
scroll through there's some different
things here some cool animations and
whatnot which only add to the to the
design in and uh and whatnot and even
these buttons here aren't just you know
really crazy design errors they're just
arrows with different colors than the
background and that's what makes it flat
and your eye is really easily it can you
can really differentiate between the
hierarchy of things with colors and with
you know how big things are for example
this sign in is pretty big up here
inside of the inside of the navigation
bar that's because they want you to see
it easily even though there's these
these icons here um one thing that's
really really popular is having thinner
font styles instead of thick I mean this
is thick but it's you know it's normally
thick it's not you know thick thick you
know
so just some examples of stuff obviously
some core animations with which just
helped to design next is foundation now
this is actually foundation is a
framework for web development and it's
centered around mobile development and
whatnot and they have a great looking
website here starting off with the
navigation bar that is the same color
throughout as I mentioned before and
then going into a different color an
image which doesn't really let's be
honest it really does not have that much
depth - other than the fact that parts
of it are different colors which make it
appear to have more depth than it really
does so that's that's that next is this
this is a developer I believe this is a
web development web design company or
studio and this is another great example
of some flat design they've really done
the same thing white I think a lot of
white space open space clean simple
minimalistic design also goes a long way
with flat design this is a store
obviously seeing by they're selling
things and really the one thing you can
see in all these designs is that except
for this logo right here because that's
their actual you know that's their logo
it's all the same it's the same color
throughout they've brought some things
in different colors to draw your eye to
that and other than that it's very
minimalistic you know a lot of squares
not really a new rounded corners
although you could do that if you wanted
to but not really a lot of rounded
corners a lot of 90-degree angles and
whatnot and next is actually I think
something that we all know and I don't
remember the website looking like this
but clearly they've done a really good
job with it and that is Microsoft the
people behind Metro UI for Windows Phone
and I guess the tablet OS for Windows
tablets this is their website it looks
you can tell that they did Metro UI even
the logo is a flat minimalistic design
and it just really ties all well
together and looks really
really good if you ask me so that's it
thanks for watching guys stay tuned for
the next web design trends video in
which we'll tackle another trend so
subscribe comment rate whatever and see
you guys next time take care bye bye